[ Music ]
>> Regina Meredith: The baby
boomers were the largest
demographic in modern history;
born in the years
following World War II.
This generation rebelled
against the Vietnam War,
ushered in health
foods and yoga,
and are oriented
towards narcissism.
They're not entering
their retirement years.
What is their legacy?
Well, look at current
events around us,
according to astrologer,
Robert Pheonix.
Robert is with us today
to speak about how
and why events are lining up as
they are, and what this means
to the Me Generation
over the next 10 years.
Thank you for joining us.
Your work is very interesting,
because you really tie it
to current events and make
sense out of us for us,
and so we're going to be
talking about current themes
and then the larger
themes generationally
in two different conversations.
So, are you comfortable
starting off
with the big event
in the Boomer's life.
>> Robert Pheonix: Absolutely,
let's just cut to the chase.
>> Regina Meredith:
Let's dive right into it.
>> Robert Pheonix: Yeah, yeah.
>> Regina Meredith:
The assassination
of President Kennedy; whether
you go to conspiracy circles,
whether you go to historians,
something fundamentally changed
in the world at that time
when the Boomers were young;
preteens, kids, and teens.
And, you say there was
almost an alternate timeline
that was created
for this generation,
which is the Pluto Generation;
the Pluto and Leo Generation.
>> Robert Pheonix: Well, it's
not just their generation,
but for the entire
planet actually.
So, let's go back and time, and
just kind of track where Pluto
and Leo came into play.
Pluto and Leo show up in
1938; in August of 1938,
and at that time, we aren't
talking the large numbers
of the baby boomers.
They come a little bit later.
They start to come onto
the scene between 1945, 46.
The war is winding down,
people are coming home,
and that's when the
babies are being born.
Hence, the name baby boom.
So, Pluto and Leo goes
back quite a ways.
Actually, it goes back really
eight years before Pluto,
the baby boomers or the
Pluto and Leo generation.
We really like associate
with the generation
that really changed the
world in a lot of ways.
So, that's when it starts,
but it's around 45-46,
when the kids are being born
and the numbers really shoot up.
In terms of the event; the event
is the Kennedy assassination.
>>RM: And, we're just
using this as a hook
to really get into
the midst of it.
>>RP: Yeah, absolutely, so
the Kennedy assassination,
which takes place on 11/22,
which is a really
interesting number.
If you add up 11/22,
you get the number 33,
and 33 is the highest
degree in Freemasonry.
>>RM: Yes.
>>RP: In the blue lodge, the
blue rights of Freemasonry
to the highest degree;
established rights.
The York rights have
different degrees.
>>RM: And things happen
on the 33rd parallel.
>>RP: The 33rd parallel is
a very interesting parallel.
Dallas is on the 32nd degree,
which is where obviously,
the assassination took place.
So, it's just one degree before
the 33rd degree, and that's,
and apparently, Barack Obama
is a 32nd degree mason.
So, the 32nd degree is
an important degree.
You're not a most
perfected mason quite yet,
but you're right there.
You're right at the threshold.
>>RM: What was George Bush?
Junior.
>>RP: I don't know what.
George Bush, Jr. I don't know.
>>RM: Maybe a second
degree mason.
Anyway, I don't want
to distract us here.
>>RP: Right, -33 degrees.
>>RM: Right.
>>RP: Anyway, so that
happened on the 32nd parallel,
but the number 33
is interesting,
because it's 3 two times, right,
they're mirror images of the 3.
Kennedy happens to be a Gemini,
and Gemini plays
a very large role
in what we would call the
distortion of the timeline,
because Gemini creates duality.
That's, it looks like it creates
unity, because if you look
at Gemini, it's the symbol
of two, but it's capped off,
and it appears to be a column.
Right? But, it is two.
It's kind of two as one,
but it's not really,
it's not really two as one.
It's not really one.
There's a separation
between the two, right?
So, JFK is a Gemini,
and to me this is kind
of an astrotheological
ritual sacrifice,
in that he is a Gemini.
Marilyn Monroe was
also a Gemini.
She dies shortly thereafter.
And, then George Bush,
who was there, supposedly,
as an operative of the
CIA at Dealey Plaza.
He's also a Gemini, so
Gemini plays a large role.
You have two people that were
involved in the assassination
or in the assassination
narrative.
You have Lee Harvey Oswald,
and then you have Jack Ruby.
So, here's Gemini again
getting played out as well.
And, if you fast forward
through that timeline,
and we're really
going through a lot.
We're going through
the Vietnam War.
>>RM: Yes.
>>RP: We're going
through a lot of things,
which we'll talk about.
We're going through Watergate,
and the fall of Nixon.
And, Nixon by the way,
Nixon is the ultimate cue
for the baby boomers and the
Pluto and Leo Generation.
You know, hopefully, we'll
talk about the "Wizard of Oz".
>>RM: We'll talk about all that.
>>RP: Nixon is the Wizard of Oz.
>>RM: Okay.
>>RP: He is, he is,
Nixon is the figure
where they pull the curtain back
and they expose the emperor.
That is the moment
for this generation.
Why don't we just talk
about the "Wizard of Oz"?
>>RM: Please do.
>>RP: And then we'll get
back into the timeline thing.
>>RM: Yeah.
>>RP: So, the "Wizard
of Oz", each generation,
each sort of Pluto and Leo
generation, has a movie
or series of movies that are
associated with that generation,
and they shape the consciousness
of that generation.
And, I'm of the belief that
these movies are created
and crafted solely for the
astrological assignation
and aspects for that generation.
>>RM: It certainly
seems like it, yes.
>>RP: Yeah, and so what we
have with the "Wizard of Oz";
it's kind of interesting,
because there's a couple
of different themes going
on in the "Wizard of Oz".
What we have in the "Wizard
of Oz" is ultimately Dorothy
and her characters, buddies,
they wind up going to, you know,
the Emerald Kingdom,
and there's the wizard,
and they pull the curtain back.
This big powerful wizard; the
guy who's running everything,
they pull the curtain back,
and really, he's just a bumpkin
from the Midwest, you know,
who stumbled into this place,
and saw a good gig
when he had it.
Right? That is the, that is
the template for the Pluto
and Leo Generation, because as
they move forward and as we see
in the wake of the
collective trauma
of the Kennedy assassination,
we see the split taking place.
We see Gemini really activated.
You have the split
between the sexes, right?
All of a sudden that becomes.
>>RM: Feminism, yes.
>>RP: Very pronounced.
In a lot of ways, people
talk about the Civil Rights
as being this, you
know, wonderful time
where African American
consciousness rises,
and yes it is, but it
also accentuates the split
between the races in
some ways as well.
There is a definite black
and white polarity kind
of going on at that time.
Then, we also have the split
between the generations.
That takes place.
This is all a kind of Gemini
fractal moment in time.
But, that takes place also in
the campuses of this country.
>>RM: Yes.
>>RP: Right, where we had lots
of protests, and you know,
you had kids, and you had SDS
and all these people wanting
to take down the
chancellor, or wanting to take
down whoever was running
the college at that time.
In that case, that
chancellor is the emperor.
Right, they're practicing,
they're sharpening their knives,
because hey, you're
supporting the Vietnam War.
Or one of your businesses
that's involved here,
you're invested in, is part of
the military industrial complex,
so we want to take you down.
We want to take over, and
this was what was happening
on college campuses
across the country.
They were going; they were
going after the emperor, right?
>>RM: Right.
>>RP: And, they would not rest
until ultimately the
curtain was pulled away,
and the emperor was revealed
to be just a bumpkin,
and that's Nixon.
>>RM: Right.
>>RP: He becomes the Wizard of
Oz, and they have this moment,
and I think that this is in
some ways, appeared victory
for the Pluto and
Leo generation.
Like, they got their god.
>>RM: Yes, it was.
>>RP: Yes.
>>RM: I mean there was
that feeling of jubilation.
>>RP: Right.
We got the guy.
We got the wizard.
We can move on now, and
we can indulge ourselves
in the human potential
movements,
and begin buy a lifestyle,
sort of related purposes.
And, I mean think that
that's where, they sort of.
>>RM: It's like mission
accomplished.
>>RP: Exactly, they
got their man.
Right?
>>RM: Right.
>>RP: Yeah.
>>RM: But, no.
No, let's talk about the
political agenda underneath,
after Kennedy died, when
Johnson came into power.
>>RP: Right.
>>RM: And interesting, I
mean, again, I think a lot
of people have read about
the conspiracy behind it,
and Johnson supposedly was
fully aware of what was going
to be transpiring the next day,
and there was an
agenda in place.
And, let's talk about that
timeline, that agenda.
What happened when
that split off,
and maybe even just take
a second or two to say in,
through the lens of astrology
what might have happened had
that not occurred?
>>RP: Right.
That's a really good question.
So, when Kennedy, you have
to look at what was happening
in Kennedy's life before
he was assassinated.
And, there was some
really pivotal
and transformational currents
running through his life.
Number one, he was hanging
out with a woman by the name
of Mary Pinchot Meyer, and she
was the wife of Cord Meyer,
and Cord Meyer at that time
was the head of the CIA.
Now, the CIA was fully
involved in the research
around psychedelics;
primarily LSD.
And, it's part of
the public record
that Mary Pinchot Meyer was
very close to Timothy Leary.
So, the story goes like this
that Mary Pinchot Meyer and some
of her friends were
getting LSD from Tim Leary,
and they were turning on
congressmen as their lovers,
and in her case,
JFK, as a president.
So, JFK was having a full-blown
awakening during this time
with Mary Pinchot Meyer.
By the way, after Kennedy dies,
it's not long before Mary
Pinchot Meyer, you know,
winds up face down in a river.
>>RM: Yes.
>>RP: So, she had a very
pivotal role in his life.
He's getting turned on.
Now, what's happens
when he gets turned on,
when he's looking around,
and he is saying, this war,
the Viet Nam War
was being ramped up,
and the Viet Nam War
was all about taking
over the opium and heroin trade.
>>RM: Yes, I've seen
documents from that day.
>>RP: From the French.
>>RM: Yeah.
>>RP: The French were running
it, and this was an opportunity
to go in and take that
over, amongst other things.
>>RM: Well, and run
all those drugs
out into those inner cities.
>>RP: Inner cities.
>>RM: Of America, and start
a whole different agenda.
>>RP: Absolutely, that's part
of one of the other agendas,
because what we see
during that time,
and it's really unfortunate,
is we have the destruction
of a lot of young black males.
>>RM: Absolutely.
>>RP: And, this is where it
gets really kind of sticky.
Right? If you have the
young black males coming
out of the inner city
to fight for this war,
and they come back;
if they come back.
>>RM: Right.
>>RP: They have real issues,
problems, PTSD, and maybe some
of them have acquired a drug
addiction, a heroin addiction,
you know, recuperating
somewhere in Hawaii after being.
>>RM: There's your market.
>>RP: Yeah, exactly, or they've
realized that there's a lot
of money in this, and they
want to continue this trade,
and bring good drugs
into the inner city.
>>RM: There's your market, yep.
>>RP: This is unfortunately.
What's interesting is, is
that while they're away.
Right, while they're
fighting the war.
>>RM: For a country in which
they were disenfranchised
to begin with.
>>RP: Right, and while
they're fighting the war,
guess what happens?
Lyndon Baines Johnson starts
the great society, right?
And, the great society
was just like,
just like the Patriot
Act was baked
and ready to go prior to 911.
>>RM: Something that
would take a year
to write is done
in a couple days.
>>RP: The great society was
very much along the same lines,
and so the great society is
the birth of the welfare state.
And, this is where
entitlements become a big part,
become a much better part in the
years to follow; 1965, 66, 67.
These are very, very
pivotal years.
This is also the time when
Saul Alinsky is very active,
and Saul Alinsky, of course,
was the spiritual mentor.
I'm not sure if Obama really
spent much time with Alinsky,
but he was very influenced by
Alinsky's community organizing.
And at that time, Alinsky was
doing a lot of work in order
to get money into the inner
cities, and even in places
that weren't the inner
cities; places that didn't want
to get welfare, he was there
to push welfare through.
Now, what happens is, is
that while these young
black males are off at war,
either getting blown up or
having their brains scrambled,
guess who steps into the
breach to be the black male,
or to be the partner
in that relationship.
It's the federal government.
>>RM: Federal government, yep.
>>RP: They come in, and
they become the provider.
They're the ones that are
bringing financial sustenance,
and now we have this whole other
cycle that gets set up during
that time, which I'm not sure
we've broken out of by the way.
>>RM: And, that's
coupled with the flooding
of those neighborhoods
with drugs.
>>RP: Absolutely.
Absolutely, and then it becomes
a very difficult environment
to navigate through,
and of course,
then we have the civil
unrest of the 60's.
So, that's all part of it.
So, Kennedy, in addition
to being turned on by LSD
and having his mind blown,
he's also thinking about at
that time, creating
a new currency.
>>RM: Yes.
>>RP: And, he was working with
the Hunt Brothers in Texas,
and the Hunt Brothers were
the sons of Lamar Hunt, right?
And, so what they were doing is
that they were going and taking
as much silver as
they could find,
and cornering the silver market.
And, Texas has this really
interesting relationship
with the United States,
where they're the only state
that can claim its
own sovereignty.
It's the only state in the Union
where the two flags can
fly at the same level.
Texas has an agreement, which
is rubber stamped every year,
which basically says,
okay, we're going to agree
to be a part of the
United States.
Now, Kennedy, John Connolly, who
was from Texas, and in the car
with Kennedy at the same time,
and the Hunt Brothers, well,
they're going to corner the
silver market, and they're going
to create a new silver standard
in this country to
get us out of.
>>RM: Yes.
>>RP: The Federal Reserve.
>>RM: And, government-backed
currency,
rather than Federal Reserve.
>>RP: That's right.
They were going to
do something similar
to what Lincoln did
with the green backs.
>>RM: Yes.
>>RP: But, this was
a hard currency.
That's a No No.
>>RM: Right.
>>RP: I mean the
people that are.
>>RM: You don't take stuff away
from the Federal
Reserve players.
>>RP: That's right.
I mean these are the people that
have been running the planet
with fiat-based lending
for quite a long time.
So, he was a real
threat to that end.
>>RM: And, I also heard that at
the same time; I didn't hear,
I read some documents
a number of years ago,
that he was also asking
for inside clarification
on the military issue
having to do with UFO's.
>>RP: That's right.
>>RM: And, there was some
funding that was threatened
to be pulled in one area
if he was not given access
to that information, and
this was right before his
assassination as well.
>>RP: Right, and 10 days
before he was assassinated,
he gave one of his most
famous speeches about dark
and insidious cabal
whose power knows end
and whose reach knows,
you know, no length.
Really, I mean, so he was
basically saying, hey look,
these are the forces that we're
up against, and we, you know,
we need to be aware of them.
Ten days later he's gone.
>>RM: So, now, we know
what followed that.
Deep, deep trauma to the psyche.
Many people have written
about what happened
when that occurred.
That cabal was solidly
able to take control.
>>RP: Right.
>>RM: So, they didn't have
any resistance once Kennedy
was gone.
Let's look at that other path,
as you say, the divergent path.
>>RP: Right.
>>RM: What might have it looked
like under this Pluto and Leo
if that hadn't happened?
>>RP: Well, it's interesting
because the term most associated
with the Kennedy era
is Camelot, and Pluto
and Leo is representative of
kings and queens, and obviously,
King Arthur, so what we were
potentially looking at during
that time was the return of
the grail to some extent.
You know, you had a generation
that was being sort of turned
on about the ask not what can be
done for you, but what you can.
>>RM: What you can
do for your country.
>>RP: What you can
This whole notion of people
opening up and looking around,
and saying I can help
somewhere or you know,
I can make the world
a better place.
I mean, think about millions
of people who would have had
that attitude and would have
had that kind of inspiration
and zeal, unblemished,
untarnished.
What kind of work could
they have done with that?
You know, what kind of power
could they have assembled,
and said, you know, we're
really going to grow this thing
and stay true to a vision
that is unlike any other we've
ever seen on this planet,
instead of waging war,
we're going to wage peace.
You know, we're going to find
out how to use technology
to bring cultivation to areas
of the world that are starving.
We're going to bring
down disease.
Not only are we going
to bring down disease,
we're going to figure out how
we can empower these people
with their own local economies.
I mean, I think.
>>RM: That was the
Leo potential,
had its corruption not occurred.
>>RP: That's it.
Absolutely, because ultimately
what Pluto and Leo have
to provide is the role of
the king and the queen.
They have to assume
a royal stance,
and that would have been the
royal stance because kings
and queens theoretically would
look to their people and say,
hey, we've got to
make this better.
We've got to make this
better, or else, you know,
these people are
going to revolt.
>>RM: So, there was
a real chance
for social reform at that time.
>>RP: Absolutely, real chance
for social reform, and using,
look, if you go back to the
United States during that time,
the lack of debt at that time
was, it was, we can't even begin
to understand the amount
of money and resources
that were available
to this country.
There was manufacturing
that was taking place then.
>>RM: Yes.
>>RP: And, again, we did
not accrue a lot of debt.
There was a great,
you know, GMP,
and people were not necessary
lured by commercialism
at that point in time.
If you had a car, you
know, it was great.
You know, later on,
it was about two cars.
There was a certain amount of,
in some ways, understanding
about the material well being
of what we had at that time.
>>RM: Right.
>>RP: People didn't
necessarily want more.
That came a little bit later.
>>RM: The standard
was very sane.
>>RP: It was very sane.
>>RM: You had what you needed.
>>RP: You got what you
needed, exactly, absolutely,
and there were other values
that were associated with that
that sort of superseded
the need for more, right?
>>RM: Yeah.
>>RP: Family, things like that.
So, if you take all that
into account, that all goes
into the cauldron, and the Pluto
and Leo generation had
unparalleled resources and tools
and enthusiasm to work with.
>>RM: There was a
certain type of innocence
that existed at that time still.
>>RP: Absolutely, absolutely.
>>RM: I mean, even if you
listen to the music of that era
around that time, even with
the introduction of Motown,
the beautiful, harmonious
love songs abounded
through all the music.
>>RP: Yeah, the doo-wop groups.
>>RM: Absolutely, and it
was all about feeling good,
falling in love, being together,
making commitments
to each other.
>>RP: That's right.
>>RM: It was, as you say,
kind of that Camelot scenario
on an emotional level.
>>RP: Right.
>>RM: And so, after
this occurred,
the assassination occurred,
and this corruption started
taking hold, one of the things,
Aaron Russo; you know
Aaron Russo's work.
>>RP: Sure.
>>RM: Okay.
Before he died, I did an
interview with him, and he said,
you know, I was actually
being courted to be a member
of the Rockefeller family.
And so, he was brought in,
and he was there for one
of the girls, and I've forgotten
which of the Rockefeller's it
was off hand, but he told them,
he said, you don't think woman's
lib was an organic movement.
He said, we were very much
behind that economically
and otherwise, because
look, think of this way.
It's surely practical.
You get women in the
workforce, you're getting close
to doubling the tax rolls.
>>RP: That's right.
Yeah.
>>RM: And so, that
wasn't organic.
>>RP: Right, so, absolutely, so
we get woman in the workforce,
we double the tax rolls,
and we get the kids
out of the home earlier.
>>RM: Exactly.
>>RP: So, we get them into the
schools earlier, and we get.
>>RM: Indoctrination earlier.
>>RP: Get to grab
their minds earlier.
Right. Exactly.
So, related to that,
Betty Friedan releases the
"Feminine Mystique" in 1963,
just after the assassination
of John F. Kennedy, so now you
have the birth of feminism,
which takes place at that time.
You have feminism.
You have to birth of
the great society.
This is all Saturn and Aquarius
by the way, and it's kind
of this interesting yet
sort of synthetic version
of what the Age of
Aquarius could look like.
And, of course, they
were bringing that home.
They were liking bring
this message home.
This is the "Age of Aquarius",
the song by the Fifth Dimension,
I believe, it was written by
Mike Curr [assumed spelling]
>>RM: What would an organic
Age of Aquarius look like.
>>RP: At that time?
>>RM: Yes, at that time.
>>RP: Well, at that time,
an organic Age of Aquarius,
so what's interesting
is that Aquarius
and Leo are opposed
to one another.
And, Aquarius is revolutionary,
and it can be rather dramatic
in terms of its state changes.
A Leo-based Age of Aquarius,
I think, would have more
about potential and more about
empowerment, and more about kind
of what I would call
an organic equality.
Because if people are
organically empowered,
then guess what they get to do,
they get to live their dream.
They get to find their
own personal nitch.
They get to find what
they're good at in the world.
It's more about aspiration
at that point in time,
versus desperation, and there
were some desperate moments
in the 60's.
It felt like.
>>RM: It was horrible, and
all the assassinations.
>>RP: The assassinations.
It felt like the world was.
>>RM: So traumatizing.
>>RP: It felt like the
world was going to end,
and that would be
different, I think.
It would have been about
aspiration versus desperation.
>>RM: And so, what was
there that was showing
up in the astrology
that would have inspired
that path versus the other one.
Was there something, or
was it simply a corruption
in the program?
>>RP: Well, I mean I think
it was probably a corruption
in the program, but
I think that,
I think whoever is running
this hologram does this
from time to time.
Right. It was kind of like after
World War I, people thought,
well, that was a horrible war.
We're never going to have
another one of those.
Well, guess what, not long
after that, they're cranking
up the war machine again,
or perhaps it's the Titanic,
and eliminating the Astor family
out of the influential mix
of very wealthy American
families who might be able
to take on the Rothschild Empire
and the Rothschild Dynasty
which was coming in and
really changing the game
in the United States
at that time.
So, I think these
things happen over time.
These events come into play, and
we can talk maybe a little bit
about one that's just
happened recently.
>>RM: Let's do.
>>RP: Towards the
end of the show;
we could cap off
with that perhaps.
>>RM: Which one are
you referring to?
>>RP: Well, Turkey and Egypt.
>>RM: Okay, we will get there.
>>RP: We can go down there,
because I actually think
those are positive events.
>>RM: Yes.
>>RP: But, at that time,
Saturn was in Aquarius,
and Aquarius is the new age.
It's the dawn of the new age.
It's the bright new star.
Aquarius is related to Lucifer.
I mean that's what we're talking
about with the Age of Aquarius.
And, it's also, what's
interesting is,
that if you go back far enough,
you go back to the Bolshevik
Revolution, Saturn was also
in Aquarius at the same time.
>>RM: Interesting.
>>RP: Yeah.
>>RM: Although that was an
artificially inspired thing
by the same players.
>>RP: Absolutely.
So, what we are seeing here is
a redux of Saturn and Aquarius
at the beginning of the 60's.
The Beatles come in right
on the heels of the death
of John F. Kennedy, and I'm
pretty sure that the "Please,
Please Me", which
was their, I think,
their second release
in this country.
It was released in Canada on
11/22, which was Kennedy's.
>>RM: Date of his assassination.
>>RP: Absolutely, yeah, so now
the Beatles come into play,
and they bring this whole
concept of group consciousness,
right, through rock and roll.
And, they bring this whole class
of an assembly masses of people
with their concerts at Shay
Stadium or Candlestick.
Now, all of a sudden we're
moving into this kind
of Aquarian sort of
backwash of the, I mean,
the Beatles are right there
right after Kennedy dies.
I mean, they don't
even lose a breath.
It's like, you're like,
oh, here's the Beatles.
You know, and people are
buying this incredible hype.
By the way, I've read
stories that a lot of people
that were meeting the
Beatles at the airport,
I think it La Guardia,
they were hired.
>>RM: Oh, you're kidding,
those famous photographs?
>>RP: Yeah, they were hired.
>>RM: Of all the
screaming girls.
>>RP: Yeah, they were hired.
Right. Yeah, but that goes
back to Edward [inaudible]
>>RM: They didn't
have to hire anyone.
There were a lot of
people screaming.
Maybe not that early.
>>RP: They weren't really sure.
Maybe not.
They wanted to make
sure, but this is part
of this wave that comes through.
You have Betty Friedan
releasing the.
>>RM: "Feminine Mystique."
>>RP: "Feminine Mystique"
in 1963, the Great Society,
and all of a sudden, we're
in a very, we're, you know,
we're off into the
kind of the Dionysian,
sort of Aquarian vision,
where everybody is
doing their own thing,
and everybody's rebelling,
and everybody's having their
own personal revolution.
And, none of it's really
kind of coming together.
You have this moment of
Woodstock, I guess, maybe where.
>>RM: Well, Kent State, you
did have some rebellion.
>>RP: Well, Kent State
is rebellion for sure,
but it's not really the
kind of, Kent State is,
you know, it's a dead end.
There's a scene in "Easy
Rider", where Peter Fonda looks
at Dennis Hopper at the end of
the movie, and he says, he says,
you know I think we blew it.
You know, he's not talking
about their heroin trip
across the southern
part of the country.
He's really talking
about their generation,
and it's an interesting
aside, because the 60's
at that point are
coming to an end, right?
I believe "Easy Rider" was made
at the end of 69, early 1970,
so that door was closing.
And, I think it's a
really interesting insight
into what took place
during that time.
It's incredibly factious,
and you have all
of this fantastic potential
and energy, and it's moved
in various directions.
We have all of these splinter
movements that take place,
and you have; and I don't
really think the division
between the sexes has ever
really mended since the 1960's,
and even in this
country, the division
between the generations
hasn't mended either.
We look at age very
differently now.
We look at senior citizens and
elders without almost contempt
because they're old and they're
going to die, whereas prior
to that, they played
a very different role.
>>RM: In our families
and societies.
>>RP: In our families.
>>RM: Absolutely.
>>RP: Yeah, and unfortunately,
that has never been
really resolved.
>>RM: No.
>>RP: And what's
interesting now is
that the baby boomers are
now becoming those elders.
Right?
>>RM: Good luck.
Who's looking after you?
We've taught them such
good values [laughing]
>>RP: Right, radically.
>>RM: Just abandon them,
put them in a home
if you can afford it.
>>RP: Yeah.
>>RM: Not cool.
So, there's a little
karma coming around on
that one obviously speaking.
Yeah, okay so, let's talk
about what happened from there
when we went in, you mentioned
Nixon a little earlier,
and then into Reagan.
>>RP: Yeah, well,
this is interesting,
because with the baby boomers,
they decided kind of en masse
that they were not going
to be very material,
and corporations were concerned
that they wouldn't be
able to sell them things.
You're familiar with the
TV show, "Madmen", right?
>>RM: Yes.
>>RP: Okay, so in "Madmen", that
actually takes up a fair amount
of space; I think season like
four or five, and they're trying
to figure out how
they're going sell.
>>RM: They were trying
to sell cigarettes.
>>RP: Cigarettes.
>>RM: To a generation
who's saying, hey,
we want a healthier lifestyle.
>>RP: That's right.
>>RM: This thing should
have warning on them.
>>RP: So, that was
a real dilemma
for companies at that time.
They didn't know how to
deal with this group of kids
who weren't really all that
interested in buying things.
>>RM: Yeah.
>>RP: So, what happens
is, eventually, Reagan,
he's going to run for president,
and he's got to figure out how
to tap into this group.
How do we tap into, you
know, their lifestyle,
so what he did is, he hired
Stanford Research Institute.
Reagan is an Aquarius
by the way,
so now we have Aquarius
and Leo again, right?
>>RM: Now, that's
a CIA operation.
>>RP: Well, CIA West,
which is interesting.
>>RM: Right.
>>RP: Because that was
actually told to me
by a Stanford employee
at one time.
>>RM: Yep.
>>RP: So, anyway, he hired SRI
to get these punch cards out,
and send these punch cards
to potential voters, right?
And, it was to the baby boomers.
And so they got the punch
cards, and okay, I like this,
I like this, I like this.
And, so what they
were able to derive
from all this information was
that Reagan's people were very
smart, and he basically said,
hey look, we're going
to get out of the way.
We're not going to
do a whole lot.
We're going to let you guys do
what you do best, which is live
and start businesses, and
we're going to empower you
to do those things, and that's
what Reagan's speeches were all
about, and they're very
sophisticated speeches.
>>RM: Wasn't there a fair amount
of deregulation that went on.
>>RP: That's also
a big part of it.
They were going to make it
a lot easier for people.
>>RM: Easier to get money.
>>RP: To get money
in order to do that.
But, it also lined
up with their values.
It's like, hey, leave me
alone, let me do my thing.
I know how to run my show,
and Reagan basically,
and it's funny, because Reagan
was a pariah in the 60's.
I mean, he was the
governor of California.
He was hated.
>>RM: Oh, I know.
Yeah, he was.
>>RP: And yet, the same people
that ultimately hated
him, elected him.
It's really, it's
crazy, but it happened.
So, that's what happened
with Reagan
as he tapped into the boomers.
>>RM: So, that began kind of the
economic ball rolling in an age
where they're now reaching
empowerment, an empowered age.
>>RP: Yeah.
>>RM: Where this generation
can start, as you say,
creating their own businesses,
money's flowing easily,
regulations have been
put to the back burner.
>>RP: Well, what's interesting
is that Reagan comes;
he runs for President in
1980, he starts the 80's,
and prior to that, we have
10 years, really the 70's.
The 70's are when the baby
boomers kind of go to sleep.
They've, you know, they're
burned out on the 60's.
They're burned out on rebellion,
but they still have some core
values that they're working out.
You know, and that's when the
human potential movement comes
into play.
You know, people like Fritz
Perles coming to Esalen,
and you know, and teaching
transactual analysis and all
that good stuff, so this
is where they migrate
into is the human
potential world.
And, it allows them to still
stay in touch with their quest
to find themselves, but in a
very different kind of setting.
>>RM: What's occurring to
me as you're saying that is
that it was allowing people
to access on a very kind
of intellectual heady mental
level, not from the heart,
which is where the
groundswell of rebellion
or whatever you want to call it
for that generation
really was taking place.
It's like the heart got
nixed out of the whole thing,
and it turned into agendas.
>>RP: Well, it did seem to
morph into kind of a more
of an intellectual
and heavy path.
You have somebody like Werner
Erhard and EST, which anything
to do, it has nothing
to do with the heart.
It's all really head based,
very will based, and of course,
you have L. Ron Hubbard
and Scientology.
This also becomes very
popular post 1960s,
so you're absolutely right
on it with that notice, yep.
>>RM: Okay, so let's
continue that out.
Now, let's look at the next
10 years, because I want
to talk a little bit about the
Libra generation, a little bit,
and then about the Virgo
generation a little bit.
Because, they're kind
of lost in the shuffle.
Because in our next
conversation,
we're going into Generation
Y; this intriguing under 30's,
like what do we do with them
from a political point of view
for some of the elders.
So, go ahead on that one.
>>RP: Well, so before we
hit the Pluto and Virgo,
Pluto and Libra, I
think Bill Clinton.
>>RM: Oh, yes, I'm
sorry, I totally forgot.
>>RP: We've got to
talk about Clinton.
>>RM: Yes, Clinton.
>>RP: We got to talk
about Clinton.
>>RM: Absolutely.
>>RP: Because, he's a Leo.
What's fascinating is how much
Leo plays a role in the election
of presidents in our country.
Clinton was a Leo.
Supposedly, Obama's a Leo.
So, we have two out of the last
three presidents were Leo's,
and George Bush, Jr. is Leo
rising, so we have Leo again,
and Leo, of course is the sign
of kings and queens, and Clinton
and Obama have taken on
the role really of emperor,
you know and king and queen.
Well, emperor and
king of this country.
So, Clinton, I think
represents in a lot of ways,
the failure of the 60's,
and I don't think I'm
alone in this assumption.
If you look at what he did.
He came in as kind of
this iconic figurehead;
that is everything that the
60's were supposed to be about.
Like it's their time, right?
It's their time and power.
If you look at older
pictures of Bill and Hillary,
they look like hippies.
You know, he's sporting
a beard and long hair,
and she's got glasses.
>>RM: Yes.
>>RP: You know, so this
really lines up with.
>>RM: Sweetheart, a
romance from college.
>>RP: Yeah, exactly, this
lines up with this ideal
that hey, they're one of us.
Right? So, he comes into power,
and one of the first things
that he does it; this is in
1996, is he enacts NAFDA,
and NAFDA completely
changes the game.
It is the first stage
towards globalization
in the United States.
And, it's huge.
It's an enormous game changer.
I was in New Mexico recently and
I was talking to an apple farmer
in New Mexico, and the
apple farmer used to be able
to sell his apples
in Mexico, in Juarez.
He can't do that anymore
because when NAFDA was enacted,
he basically was told that hey,
this is off limits for you now.
This is not your zone.
You can't do what
you used to do.
So, now, he's got all these
apple orchards, and you know,
what's he going to do
with these apple orchards.
>>RM: It's not like Juarez
is any better off now.
>>RP: Well, no, this is true,
but now he couldn't make money.
He could not ply
his trade, right?
>>RM: Right.
>>RP: So, then, then he thinks
well maybe I can sell my apples
to manufacturers
here in this country.
Well, shortly after
NAFDA is enacted,
China gets most favored
nation trade status,
and now they're growing
the apples,
and 95% of the apple juice in
this country comes from China,
with extremely-high
arsenic levels by the way.
>>RM: Yes.
>>RP: So, this is all
on Clinton's watch,
and Clinton is basically
saying, look at this hand,
but don't look at what
this hand is doing.
This hand is playing the
saxophone while this hand is
pulling the lever for the bottom
of this country to fall out.
>>RM: At the same
time, on the streets,
people were snorting cocaine
and buying condominiums,
and the money was flowing.
>>RP: There's a lot of money.
>>RM: And the debt was down.
>>RP: And the debt
was done partly
because of what Paul
Volker did prior, you know,
raising interest rates to like.
>>RM: 14.
>>RP: 19.
>>RM: Yeah, I remember that.
>>RP: 19%, huge, right?
>>RM: Yes.
>>RP: So the debt is down,
but there are things
happening behind the scenes.
Catherine Austin Fitts
talks about how trillions
of dollars were moved out of
the country and into China,
and in order to make
up for that loss,
the Clinton administration
gets hooked on bubbles.
First they get hooked on the
.com bubble; all based on very,
very low interest rates
coming from the Fed.
And, then after that,
once Greenspan raised
the interest rates,
and money was hard to get,
then the next bubble that's
waiting is obviously the
housing bubble.
Well, there was the third
bubble, which was the worst,
and that was the
derivative bubble.
>>RM: Yes.
>>RP: That was the cancerous
tumors of the housing bubble
that people were
still making money on,
which was totally egregious.
But, that's what happened.
You know, they kept
people kind of hypnotized
in their [inaudible] with
the amount of money around.
And, if you look back
in terms of programming,
we're always talking
about programming, right?
>>RM: Yes.
>>RP: So, we're talking
about TV shows like "Dallas",
where we have gratuitous excess.
>>RM: Yes.
>>RP: And "Lifestyles
of the Rich and Famous".
>>RM: Oh, yeah, the
champagne was flowing.
>>RP: Right.
Absolutely.
>>RM: A lot of people
felt really good like gee,
what about the good
old Clinton days.
There was a lot of
money out there.
It was easy to get too.
Now the champagne
bubbles have burst too.
>>RP: Right.
So, I think that the failure of
the baby boomers or the Pluto
and Leo Generation is
exemplified by Bill Clinton
and what he did and did not
do during his presidency.
He was basically the lame duck
for the last two years
of his presidency.
I mean once the Lewinski
affair came in,
he couldn't do anything.
He was totally; his
hands were totally tied.
>>RM: So, here we are now,
boomers approaching
retirement, for example.
What is the potential
that's left there?
Is there something in that
idealistic core from the heart
that can still express itself
and salvage this
generation's legacy?
>>RP: Yeah, absolutely.
I mean, I think that
one of the things
that the baby boomer's need
to be re-inspired by
is their activism.
Because, this was a generation
that was raised on some form
of activism, whether it
was activism for the sexes
or for racial equality, or
for the ending of the war,
it's part of the cultural
DNA for this generation.
So, there are plenty of, you
know, really powerful and just
and profound causes that
you know, Pluto and Leo
and the baby boomers
can tap into.
Specifically, in my mind,
the whole issue around food
and genetically-modified
organisms, and Monsanto.
I mean, I don't think there's
anybody who will disagree
on the fact that
we need clean food.
I mean, the whole idea
of organic food is
kind of absurd anyway.
It's just food, right?
>>RM: Right.
>>RP: And we've elevated.
>>RM: Real food.
>>RP: It's just real food
like the way food used to be.
>>RM: Yes.
>>RP: And now, all of a sudden,
it's this really
special thing, right?
[laughter] So, but Monsanto is
pernicious, and I think if Pluto
and Leo really wanted to
have a soul check and say,
is my mission complete?
Did I do what I came here to do?
Is the world a better place
because of me and my generation?
If the answer is maybe or even
no, then perhaps it's time to.
>>RM: Change course.
>>RP: Yeah.
>>RM: Yeah.
>>RP: To say, hey
look, I'm concerned.
I want my grandkids or my
great grandkids to live
in a world where food is real.
Food is not some strange
and synthetic thing.
I want to live in a world
where bees fly around.
You know, I don't want
to have to have my kid
or my great grandkid never see
a bee, or have to have some kind
of food that doesn't require
any kind of pollination.
I mean, that's a nightmare.
So, maybe, you know, maybe
this kind of look inside
for the Pluto and Leo
Generation will matter,
will mean something.
You know, I was talking
to Charles Osman,
a very interesting guy.
He's a futurist, and Charles is
very involved in hydroponics,
and we were talking about
how there are huge spaces,
places like Detroit,
where there's just
abandoned warehouses,
and abandoned manufacturing
plants.
Those places could be turned
into hydroponics garden.
We could have a whole
new economy
within these inner cities.
I'm not sure how easy it
would be to do that, but Pluto
and Leo is a generation
that is born on passion,
and Leo is a fixed sign.
So, if they decided that
they wanted to do something,
I think that they could
accomplish something along
those lines.
They could look around, and say,
where can we make
a difference still?
I think that's important.
>>RM: Okay, well now, shall we
move onto the next generation?
>>RP: Well, Pluto and
Virgo, that's my generation.
>>RM: Yes.
>>RP: And we grew up in the
shadow of Pluto and Leo,
and so we were actually kind
of entrained in some ways based
on some of the values
that were being floated
around during that time.
I lived very close to San
Francisco as a kid, so you know,
I could literally smell the
summer of love from my backyard.
And, so things like
the environment
and treating people kindly.
You know, there was something
about that that we were taking
in at that time, but
by the time, you know,
got to high school, or
we became of age, the world
was nothing like that at all.
You know, we were raised
thinking that perhaps it's going
to go in this direction,
and then we get Nixon
and we get Watergate,
and all of a sudden,
the world becomes a
much more cynical place.
We're not as interested in
becoming involved in things.
We're a lot more detached than
the Pluto and Leo Generation.
You know, our film for Pluto
and Virgo is Mary Poppins.
Right, that's our.
>>RM: Whoa, whoa, how so?
>>RP: Well, okay, so Pluto
and Virgo, Virgo is associated
with service; like finding your
purpose, finding your dharma,
and then serving
from that place,
like elevating your
service to a vocation.
>>RM: Well that movie
had elevated service.
Everyone is happy and dancing.
>>RP: Right, everybody
is happy and dancing,
and penguins are jumping around.
>>RM: Sweep the chimney.
>>RP: Right, but Mary
Poppins, what does she do?
She's a nanny.
It's a very service-oriented
deal, right?
And, her boyfriend is
a chimney sweep, right?
But, he's a warlock and
she's a witch, right?
So, it's cool.
You can do these things,
and still have your
secret powers on the side.
So, that's like, you know,
take, you know, take the job
at Starbuck's, and you
know, cast some spells.
I mean, that's our generation.
This is what we were raised
on, and we were, you know.
It was given to us so
that we could be anything
that we wanted.
But, to get to that
point, we had to navigate
through some very strange
kind of psychic terrain.
You know, I watched the
Vietnam War as a kid growing up.
>>RM: On TV.
>>RP: On TV.
You don't get that now
for a number of reasons,
because people would be shocked,
and you'd have an
antiwar movement
like you wouldn't believe.
So, I saw that, and a lot of
other kids my age saw that.
So, there was a slight
bit of disillusionment
that I think we had to through;
first Watergate and Nixon,
so by the time we're
coming out of college,
we're in this really strange.
We're called Generation
O or Generation Jones.
We have really kind of
no identity in some ways.
We come out of college
and computers really
aren't quite there yet.
We know, we're still in this
strained kind of inner zone
between one social economy
and the new social economy
which takes place
during Pluto and Libra,
and they're all about computers.
They're the kids that really
get their hands on computers
for the first time, and
that's where you get,
you know the founders
like things like Napster.
>>RM: Right.
>>RP: Yeah.
>>RM: Well, it was interesting
on a layered effect
generationally.
So, you have the Pluto and Leo
Generation, which is jubilant
over the ousting of Nixon.
Oh, we did it, we did it.
>>RP: That's right.
>>RM: And you guys are thinking,
wow, what a bunch of scumbags.
It's not like, because
you didn't do it per se,
you're just watching
it thinking wow.
>>RP: Well, I think that there's
some resentment towards the
Pluto and Leo Generation.
There's another astrologer
who does some work on this,
and he is vehement that
as soon as the Pluto
and Leo Generation
leaves the planet,
the world will be
a better place.
[laughter] And, I'm not
talking, he's not talking
about this in tongue in cheek.
He's being very serious.
And, I, you know, and I had to
drop him as a Facebook friend,
and he was a colleague,
because he was too fascist
around this whole thing, right?
But, I think that that is
endemic of some of the feelings.
It's like, you know, you
guys were the first kids.
You were first to the party.
You had all the good, you know,
you got all the good pieces
of cake, and there really
wasn't a lot left for us.
>>RM: Yeah, fair enough.
>>RP: And, so I think
that there is some of that
with my generation, but my
generation, we're interesting.
You know, we have
Neptune and Scorpio.
>>RM: What's that mean?
>>RP: Well, we're a
very psychic generation.
We are a generation that is
very into ESP and telepathy,
and we're kind of a precursor
for the Pluto and Scorpio kids.
You know, we were also
very into drugs by the way.
>>RM: Yeah.
>>RP: "Dazed and
Confused" is a document.
>>RM: Another one
of your movies.
>>RP: But again, why
were we into drugs?
Because drugs were glamorized
by the Pluto and Leo Generation,
and quite frankly, they were
the ones selling the drugs.
>>RM: Yes, they were.
>>RP: So, you know, this is,
you know, we had a pipeline,
and they were great
drugs at that time.
Marijuana's still
coming from Vietnam,
and you know, it was Thailand.
You know, it was a
whole different world,
and there was a consciousness.
"High Times Magazine"
was put out.
>>RM: Yes.
>>RP: I used to get
"High Times Magazine",
so we were deeply influenced by
this, but because we had Neptune
and Scorpio, we were open to it.
You know, we were like, okay,
let's experiment,
let's play around.
>>RM: But, you still had
no power, no real power.
>>RP: Not necessarily,
no, but I think right now,
our generation is coming around.
Now, one could say that Obama
is symbolic of our generation.
He is Pluto and Virgo,
I'm sorry to say.
>>RM: But, we don't
know what he is.
He's controlled.
We don't even know what he is.
>>RP: I would say that
likely, based on his age,
he's probably Pluto and Virgo.
We know that he had
some high school time.
We can track the high
school time in Hawaii.
That much we know.
Okay? After that, it becomes a
very sketchy trail to follow.
>>RM: Right.
>>RP: So, he is Pluto and
Virgo, and unlike the Pluto
and Leo people who, you know,
loved Bill Clinton in office,
I don't think Obama is having
the same kind of reception.
I think he is actually being
a little more well liked
by the Pluto and
Libra Generation.
That's my sense.
>>RM: That's interesting.
Let's talk about the Pluto
and Libra Generation.
Now, we're talking about
the people that are
from what age to what age.
Something down to 31.
Yeah.
>>RP: Pluto and Libra is roughly
1970 to 1984, and they are,
they're fascinating,
because they grew
up in the greed is good era.
They grew up in trickledown
economics.
There was actually a lot of
money for them at one point
in time during their, you
know, their kind of ascendency.
So, they don't have the
same kinds of values
that the 60's generation
or Pluto or Leo,
or even the Pluto
and Virgo kids have.
They're fairly removed from
that Zeitgeist, and in fact,
their parents tend to be
the Pluto and Leo parents,
and they rebel from
their parents.
Oh, my Mom, she's going to
another channeling session.
What am I going to
do with her, right?
>>RM: Yeah, exactly.
>>RP: So, they go in
the other direction.
You know, they become
entrepreneurial.
They're the first generation
that really takes hold
of entrepreneurialism.
What's that TV show, Family.
>>RM: The .comers.
A lot of the .comers.
>>RP: .comers.
Their all from Pluto and Libra.
Their Pluto and Libra
rock stars.
"Family Ties".
Remember "Family Ties"?
>>RM: I never saw it,
but I remember it.
>>RP: Michael J. Fox.
He is the symbol
for that generation.
He's the kid in the family
that's all about money.
>>RM: The money, yeah.
>>RP: He's all about money.
So, he informs their generation.
He is symbolic of their
generation to a large extent.
And, actually, you can see
him as a very popular figure
in their generation,
with "Back to the Future"
and "Teen Wolf" and
things like that.
>>RM: There's this
huge retro trend.
I mean, for the women.
I don't know about for the guys.
That's kind of a metro sexual,
beginning of the
metro sexual thing.
But, for the women, you have
little aprons and cupcakes,
and clotheslines you can pin
your close on to air dry.
That's, there it's
supporting that.
>>RP: Well, I mean, I think that
what Pluto and Libra is trying
to do, and always tries to do it
to bring balance into situation.
>>RM: So, maybe it's
bringing back the comforts
of a simpler time?
>>RP: Yeah.
>>RM: That makes sense.
>>RP: I also think
too that we're living
in a really fascinating time.
Where timelines, even
though I've talked
about how we morph off
into another timeline.
>>RM: Yes.
>>RP: And, by the way 9/11 is
a very, very important event
as part of that timeline,
because 9/11 is a Gemini event,
right, the Twin Towers,
and it's the collapse.
It's a meta-ritual and the
collapse of the Twin Towers,
and the formation of the
One World Trade Center,
the one world tower was going
to be the Freedom Tower, right?
But, now it's the
One World Tower.
The 9/11 event is very,
very important, because #1,
the 11, the Twin Towers.
#2, George Bush is president at
that time, and his father was
in Dealey Plaza when Kennedy was
assassinated, so we have lineage
through time with Bush.
What's also really interesting
is that Larry Silverstein,
who bought the World
Trade Center just months.
>>RM: Right.
>>RP: Before the tragedy
of 9/11, he's a Gemini.
He was born on May 30, and so
now we have Gemini coming back
into the picture
again, and guess what?
You know, we get to,
theoretically, we being they,
we get to determine
the timeline again.
We get to have another
event where we fork off.
It's the millennia, and this is
the start of the New Dark Age.
This is it, and everything
that's happened as a result
of that has been an iteration
of that consecration.
>>RM: And so, how's
that expressing itself
in the adult lives
of these Librans.
>>RP: Well, the Pluto
and Libra people,
I'm not sure how it's
expressing in terms
of political rage
or, I don't know.
I really, I can't get
a feel around that.
But what I do know is
that if we could consider
that we've had this
divergent timeline.
>>RM: Right.
>>RP: That other things
could theoretically happen;
that we may have actually
have multiple or sub-timelines
that are happening
simultaneously.
>>RM: It seems like it.
>>RP: It seems we can actually
talk a little bit about this.
So, when you look at the
Pluto and Libra Generations
who are buying the aprons and
the cupcakes and all that stuff.
And, you're absolutely
right, it's a desire
and a need for comfort.
>>RM: In the media it's huge.
>>RP: It is huge.
That is one kind of rivulet
or sub-stream of a timeline.
You and I earlier, we were
talking about baseball,
and I was watching the
Boston Red Sox the other day,
and all the guys on the Red Sox
have these really long beards.
>>RM: Yeah, I thought,
what's up with that?
>>RP: Well, and it was like, the
last time I remember anything
like that, and there are other
players in the major leagues now
that are growing
these beards too.
If you go back in time, you
go to the turn of the century,
like the 1900's,
baseball is being played,
and a lot of those players
had really long beards.
And a lot of them are
actually also looking
like characters from
the Civil War.
>>RM: Yeah, so it's
kind of going back
to a more authentic
simpler time again.
>>RP: Again, they're trying
to reconnect with something.
They're trying, you know,
and what's fascinating
about the beard is that the
beard has psychic tendrils
as well.
>>RM: Yes.
>>RP: So, their actually turning
into their own group
consciousness while they play
with the growth of these beards.
So, I think that there's
something interesting happening.
You know, there's also, in
like the festival circuit,
one of the fashions
that's related
to the festival circuit
is like steam punk,
and steam punk is this
whole turn of the century,
kind of Dickensian sort
of industrial kind of look
and feel, with brass
and chrome and leather,
but has a slightly
futuristic tilt to it.
So, there are a lot of
things happening sort
of simultaneously right now,
but there are certainly
some predominant themes,
and one of the predominant
themes we're looking at is,
you know, what happens
after 9/11.
How is that timeline maintained?
How do people continue
to be put in this trance,
where they can step out of it
and maybe create
something different?
>>RM: Yes.
>>RP: So, that we have
these mini events,
these mini 9/11's,
like Aurora or.
>>RM: Trying to reinforce
the trance.
>>RP: Absolutely, or we have
Sandy Hook, things like that,
and perhaps to some
extent, what's happening
with Zimmerman and
Travon Martin.
So, this is also taking place.
But, I think what's
also taking place is
that people are waking up,
and they're beginning to see
that these events
are much more shaky
than they've ever been before.
They're starting look
behind the screen.
We're all kind of beginning to
have this kind of collective,
you know, Wizard of Oz moment.
>>RM: Yeah.
>>RP: What's really
behind this curtain?
And, I think it's actually
a quite empowering time.
>>RM: And, we only have a
few minutes left, but please,
let's do talk about Turkey
and Egypt during this time,
because you see that
as a really hopeful
and very important
turning point.
>>RP: This is true, because
in a time where we seem
to have perpetual revolution,
perpetual chaos based
on perpetual revolution, the
two incidence where I think
that this is really powerful
and transformational is
what's taken place recently
in Turkey and in Egypt.
We'll start with Turkey, you
know, there was a major push
in Syria by Obama, by NATO.
I mean, they were ramping up.
The press was all over it.
McCain was in Syria.
Carey was traveling
to the Middle East.
Hague was in the Middle East.
They were all moving.
They're all moving.
They're, you know, putting
the kill show to Syria.
They decided they're going to
have a no fly zone over Syria.
>>RM: Right.
>>RP: They've decided that
they're going to be able
to sell weapons now
to the rebels, right?
I mean, this is all, they're
really pulling back the curtain,
saying, look, this is
aggressive, we're behind this.
We're going to make this happen.
And then, just out of the
blue, right, out of the blue,
Turkey has this massive,
and I mean, massive protest,
and it's all started, and it's
based around one little park.
One little park in
the heart of Istanbul.
The last park that
they have in Istanbul.
People go out there, they're
going to tear the park down.
They're going to
put up a Starbuck's
or whatever they're going to
do, and people decided, hey,
we're going to camp out.
We're going to spend
some time here.
In fact, we're not leaving,
because we want this part.
Well, that little, that
quiet little protest turned
into something momentous.
It shut the entire country down.
Absolutely shut the
entire country down,
and what's fascinating
about that is that the kids
who were involved
in that protest,
a lot of them were
Pluto and Scorpio kids,
which we're going
to talk about later.
>>RM: Yes.
>>RP: But, their mom's
were there to support them.
Their mom's were out there
saying, we believe in you.
You're doing a good thing.
You're taking care
of your country.
There's a very, fairly
well-known cartoon
where there's this kid.
He's got his mask on.
He's pierced.
He's got an A with
a circle around it,
and his mom is there
giving him lunch.
>>RM: Yes.
>>RP: Have you seen
that cartoon?
>>RM: No, I haven't.
>>RP: It's fascinating.
So, but I think what
happens in Turkey is
that they put the kibosh
on something potentially
disastrous in Syria.
I really feel like World
War III was averted.
>>RM: That's fabulous to hear.
>>RP: Through these
series of massive protests,
because Erdogan, at that point
in time could not be engaged,
fully engaged in an
operation with Syria.
He had to focus his
police force,
he had to focus his
troops on containing
and saving his presidency
in Turkey.
And, Egypt, Egypt is
actually pretty amazing.
Egypt has a fascinating history
where every time they've
had a change of government
or they've had some sort of
constitutional amendment,
it's all taken place
with Saturn and Libra,
and the last time this took
place was when Morsi was put
into power after
their last revolution.
Well, this revolution took
place with Saturn and Scorpio,
and it was like, this is it.
>>RM: So, this is going to
take, meaning some organic,
even if it fomented and inspired
by maybe some intelligence
here and there.
>>RP: Right.
>>RM: The point is
it became organic,
and they have stood
up for themselves.
>>RP: Exactly, and Scorpio is
a fixed sign, so this is a way
for them to fix their
experience.
>>RM: Well, we've got a
lot more to talk about.
We have a whole other
very quirky,
interesting generation
we're going to talk
about in another conversation.
So, I want to thank you
so much for your time.
>>RP: It was my pleasure.
>>RM: In our next conversation,
Robert and I will speak
of Generation XXX of Y, who is
fast coming to be of influence
in society, and they
are not buying it.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Gaiam TV.
[ Music ]